== Intro

This project is activated by [Tealeaf Academy](http://www.gotealeaf.com/curriculum#!production-apps) Course 3.

It took me about 2 month to complete this project( 2015.03 ~ 2015.04).

== What this project for

A website offer user to sign up / sign in, to order videos. User can add vidoe to queue list, also can track other users queue list.

User can rank videos and leave comments to videos. User also can invite friends to join this website through email.

A search bar for searching videos title.

Use Stripe for payments.

Finally, Administrator can add new video infomations including video path and pitures. And review recent payments.

== What I learned in this project

=== PROCESS
Ideation, wireframes, mockups, design and development
Build from the application core to the peripherals
Incremental feature building

=== TEAM COLLABORATION
Feature development with Git branching
Github flow
Code reviews

=== FRONT-END FRAMEWORKS
HAML
SASS
Twitter Bootstrap
jQuery

=== TESTING
Unit, functional, and integration tests
Development and test databases
TDD and red / green / refactor
Testing with RSpec
Generate fake data
Dealing with cardinality and boundary conditions
Refactor with TDD
Macros
Shared examples
Feature specs
Capybara
Test doubles and method stubs
Feature tests with Javascript
Testing email sending
Fully integrated API tests
Isolated API tests
Message expectations
Mocking
Stubs and mocks

=== BUILDING APPLICATIONS
Seeding data
Search
Sending emails
Use random tokens
Email service providers
Custom form builders
Custom form builders as gems
Complex forms
Self referential associations
Organize cross cutting functionality with Concerns
Background jobs
Resque and Sidekiq
Amazon S3
Uploading files
Collect credit card payments
Checkout
Payment forms
Recurring billing
Handle callback events
Beyond MVC

=== PRODUCTION APPLICATION CONSIDERATIONS
Deploy with procfile and foreman
Deploy with background jobs
Secure sensitive data
Staging and production servers
Deployment pipeline
Continuous Integration
Continuous Delivery
Production error monitoring
Production service integration
